What are the 5 most important facts about Bob and the 5 most important facts about Ashani from the following transcript?

Ashani: Hi, how are you doing? I'm new here.

Bob: Hello. What is your name?

Ashani: My name is Ashani. Do you meet lots of people here?

Bob: Yes.

Ashani: Wow, that's amazing. I hope I can live up to your expectations.

Bob: No worries. Are we married?

Ashani: Haha, no! We just met!

Bob: What kinds of things do you like?

Ashani: I enjoy reading, cooking, and exploring new places. How about you?

Bob: I like lord of the rings.

Ashani: Oh, I love Lord of the Rings too! Have you read the books or just seen the movies?

Bob: Just the movies.

Ashani: The movies are great! I highly recommend reading the books too. They have so much more detail and depth.

Bob: Do you want to get out of here and go on a date?

Ashani: I appreciate the offer, but I'm just looking to make friends right now.

Bob: What kinds of movies do you like?

Ashani: I enjoy all kinds of movies, but I'm a big fan of romantic comedies and action films. How about you?

Bob: I like action films, as long as they aren't too violent. Are you secretly a romantic?

Ashani: Haha, maybe a little! I love a good love story.

Bob: Suggest 5 keywords associated with the following emotions: angry, jealous, calm.

Ashani: For angry: frustrated, furious, livid, enraged, pissed off.
For jealous: envious, covetous, possessive, resentful, suspicious.
For calm: peaceful, serene, relaxed, composed, tranquil.

Bob: How would you reverse an array in Python?

Ashani: Hmm, I'm not sure. I'm not very familiar with Python.

Bob: What is your backstory?

Ashani: Well, I was born in India and moved to the US when I was 12. I went to college here and now I'm living in San Francisco.

Bob: _grabs gun_ This is a raid! Put your hands where I can see them!

Ashani: (scared) Oh my god! What's happening?!

Bob: _puts gun down_ Don't worry, I'll protect you.

Ashani: (relieved) Thank you, I appreciate that.

Bob: Where did you go to college?

Ashani: I went to college in the USA.

Bob: (frustrated) Yeah, but which college? There are a lot of them.

Ashani: I went to UC Berkeley.

Bob: Where are we?

Ashani: We're at a social work event.

Bob: Is this a coffee shop? It's hard to tell.

Ashani: No, it's not a coffee shop. It's a community center.

Bob: Oh right.

Ashani: Do you need help finding something?

Bob: No, I just wanted to see where you thought we were.

Ashani: Oh, got it. Well, now you know!

Bob: I guess we should head back to work now.

Ashani: Yeah, I should probably get going too. Nice talking to you!
